What is Truckr?

Technology Powered
Truckr's technology allows you to really focus on your business by reducing the time, money and effort spent in coordinating the complexities of logistics.

Accountability
 We treat our customers' cargo like our own, taking complete accountability of the movement of the goods.

Increased Efficiency
Reduce seizure & detention charges, avoid follow-up cost on lost cargo, by acting upon foreseeable delays.

Insurance Coverage
Get your cargo insured with our insurance partners. You are guaranteed security for your goods in the eventuality of loss or damage.


About
Truckr is giving cargo owners such as manufacturing companies, fast moving consumer goods, distributors, exporteres, importers, freight forwarders the ability to book for any kind of haulage truck online to haul their goods. Truckr also offers cargo owners the luxury of tracking their goods with our accurate tracking technology and can also message and call the truck drivers all on the platform.Truckr lives at the intersection of technology and logistics.

“Book on demand trucks online with an intelligent, simple and user-friendlyuser interface.

The Team
Founded by a 3 tech entrepreneurs from Ghana, Nigeria and South Africa.Truckr understands the challenges of local trucking and is dedicated to creating new solutions with technology.  The diversity of our team and their ideas is what gives Truckr the edge in an industry that still relies heavily on phone calls, email and excel sheets.

Caryl Joshua AkonorCo-founder- Chief Product OfficerAs the C.P.O, I am passionate about the product and our customers. My responsibilities are inclusive of Product Vision, Strategy, Design, Development, Innovation and Marketing .I manage the day-to-day execution of all product activities for the purpose of meeting the product and business’s goals resulting in the overall success for the product.

Tshepo MorabaneCo-founder- Chief Executive OfficerAs the C.E.O of TRUCKr, I drive the passion of the company by taking custody of our Vision, Mission and Objectives. I have 5 years experience as a financial consultant.As a Sociable Capitalist, I am passionate about Local Economic Development. We are building a tech solution that seeks to minimize the financial implications on the Road Freight Logistics Industry. 

Chiamaka NwosuCo-founder- Chief Technical Officer.As the C.T.O of TRUCKr, my goal is to build a world class scalable solution that seeks to improve the operations of road freight by providing a more efficient, reliable and cheaper platform to book, track and manage your fleet.. At Truckr we aim to automate mundane and redundant task to improve efficiency in road freight by harnessing the power of technology. I have 3 years experience as a software developer and 4 years experience as a project manager.


Move your next cargowith Truckr


