Live track & trace
Know exactly where your cargo is at any time between pickup & delivery, using your Truckr dashboard.

Real-time updates
Get timely alerts about delays & unusual waiting times. 

Online marketplace
Easily book shipments through our web platform. Transfix finds you the right carrier without you ever picking up the phone.

Cargo Insurance
Get your cargo insured with our insurance partners. You are guaranteed security for your goods in the eventuality of loss or damage.



How it Works
Our free, easy-to-use platform allows you to track a driver on your phone or computer, from the moment he accepts a job to the moment he delivers your freight.

Create an order or Upload a schedule
Simply input the weight of the cargo, pickup and dropoff location and get a quote in seconds.

Get matched with a Driver
Get matched with a network of 4,000+ vetted trucks and drivers with full insurance coverage .

Track in Real-Time
Get end-to-end visibility of your cargo.Never wonder where your cargo is again. You will receive updates on milestones at every point of the process.



Benefits


Locate your shipment in real-time.
Pinpoint the exact location of your shipment on a real-time visual map on your dashboard. Get full visibility with ETAs of every milestone throughout your shipment's journey.

Let your customers track shipments too
You can now share your cargo's whereabouts with your customers, consignee and other stakeholders, through a tracking link alone. Each of you can know exactly where the shipment is, at anytime, without having to coordinate with carriers. Stakeholders can track the shipment by clicking the link sent directly to their email or phone via text message without logging into Truckr.

Communicate with the truck driver
You will be able to send and receive messages to and from the truck driver during the trip. He will be able to alert you in case delay or unforseen circumstance on his route

24 / 7 / 365 Support
We are always here and ready to help. Call or email us and we will work tireless to resolve the problem.


Frequently Asked Questions
Can i choose the type of truck?
How long will it take to get a truck when i book?
Will my goods have insurance?


Move your next cargo with Truckr