Homepage

BOOK A TRUCK, TRACK YOUR CARGO!
The Quickest and Simplest way to order a truck and track your cargo in Ghana.



About

Truckr is giving cargo owners such as manufacturing companies, fast moving consumer goods, distributors, exporters, importers and freight forwarders the ability to book for any kind of haulage truck to transport their goods just by a click of a button. Truckr also offers cargo owners the luxury of tracking their goods with our accurate tracking technology during transportation and can also message or call the truck drivers on the platform.

Real-time Visibility
Pinpoint the exact location of your cargo from pickup to delivery. Receive alerts to deal with issues as they arise.

Transparent Pricing
No hidden fees. Receive itemized invoices to alleviate accounting burdens.

Efficiency & Cost Saving
Save time on booking and pay lesser than with traditional agents and brokers.

Fluid Execution
Get matched with a network of 4,000+ vetted trucks and drivers, a full insurance coverage and 24/7 guaranteed support.


“By injecting technology and transparency into road freight logistics, you get an accelerated experience that is convenient, cost-effective and reliable through from pickup to delivery.


Features

Complete control
Book, manage and track your goods, invoices, payments and waybills online beit on desktop or mobile.

Transparent Pricing
Know exactly how much you’ll spend on each cargo to be transported with our detailed online quote. We give you 100% transparency, upfront. No surprises.

Real-time freight visibility
From pickup to delivery, monitor your cargo with our advanced real-time tracking system. Get timely alerts about delays & unusual waiting times.


Are you a Logistics manager/Freight forwarder?
Truckr instantly gives you access to thousands of trusted and reviewed truck drivers at short notice, at a competitive rate and allows you to track your delivery status and location at every stage of the journey. No phone calls, no paperwork, just a fast and efficient trucking service.

Do you own a truck or a fleet of trucks?
Truckr helps you to get more jobs at great rates and get paid quickly.

Book, manage and track your goods, invoices, payments and waybills online on your android mobile.

Are you interested to learn more about our product?
Subsrcribe to our newsletter!
